A beautiful good day and that
Today I want my little report
about the busecker times and that is what I have
Here my old and my new one
car the new commissioner why me
bought new and the old
liposchek the cuban sorry the
is just too late for me
jump
with the acoustic signals to
example i have a quadcopter and
when the battery was almost empty has the
Under control of the regulator and he started
to land
and he always just showed it out
everything ok no problem
So I just have some new ones
bought so coming off now the
this is already here with is with
Display was the complete high number
indicating from the battery and each one
single cell and jesus a little
blitzer in it but if the victory
well believe less and the advantage
the lover is driving a taste here
but I'll show you that at the time
finally now with 1 4 it
look like that
a bit dense far jump though
see the voltage completely 16 14
tele2 z3 z4 is like a present
that's why I promised pretty much
and then you can do that up here at the
button set and that the voltage
moore gibson is supposed to model three out of 27
Seems different from or
regulates differently then you can
adjust the beautiful fit or hope
The brecht was happy with everything
clearly